our guest is the master of meat and fire
and smoking all of those good things you
can learn his secrets in the greatest
barbecue book ever written is called
curious barbecue please welcome chef
Adam Perry Lang hello Adam did you see
you too now you've been living here in
our parking lot three days a week making
your own charcoal which is insane and
smoking meat pork it's right over there
all sorts of things and it's been I have
to say it's been a real struggle not to
gain 800 pounds this summer if the best
advertisement you could ever do are
these flies now is that supposed to be
on the beef it helps you know help
flavor what are we gonna make here
tonight what is it I'm gonna show you
about beef pans down for me this is the
absolute best cut of beef on the animal
/ BBQ what cut is up that's plate short
ribs plates your expensive but it's
worth it okay I like a Certified Angus
beef for me it's like a go-to brand for
me but let me show you what we do please
do serious barbecue I'm kind I do things
that are a little bit above and beyond
you know so I make like a mustard
moisturizer oh yeah you can rub a little
bit okay a little mustard moisturizer
okay and the cows like that they love it
it keeps them looking young yeah I feel
like everyone with your hands in there
all right there we go oh look at that
area all right season it season a little
bit you do it from up here oh yeah
season says thank God is seasoning in
itself okay all right and and that's
really it you know we're gonna put it
right into the the BBQ pit okay and how
long will it cook here in the pit for
hear about 3-4 hours and then we're
gonna do a wrap let me show you that
really quick ok this is aluminum foil
yes available any aluminum foil center
and look at the heck of that bad now
that's what it looks like after you cook
it like par for about four hours and
what the bones just emerged yeah it's
just kind of like pulls you get a boner
and actually been
all right and what is this will put this
is a some brown sugar and some butter
okay you know and you don't have to do
this but if you just want to create like
a difference in flavor sometimes you do
like a sweet sour I put a little bit of
cider vinegar anantha and we wrap this
thing up uh-huh okay and if you can put
that right into the the pit Oh heavy huh
and you have to have a pit right well no
you don't have to you can use like a
barbecue like this like edge or
something like that right I'll do it for
you all right there we go throw it in
boom all right after it's done for about
say two hours it's really tender unwrap
it put it back in and it's good to go I
think it feels like it's ready yeah hey
all right let's pull one out of it see
what we write yet we're gonna make a
serious barbecue sauce okay we're gonna
do I'm hungry all right now you can get
barbecue sauce at the store but it's
nothing like this no look up any masking
vegetables right there on the grill I
know I love to drink whiskey and I like
to cook with whiskey for me I love
George Dickel here from it it's the best
you put a little George Dickel whiskey
yeah yeah I deglaze now here's the key
thing whether you do a serious barbecue
sauce or you do a regular BBQ sauce
where you just take a store-bought cuz
you can do either the key thing is to
put it in and then reduces down a cook
off the alcohol hi gotcha so why don't
you just help me add these are all
measured out so just done tell us what
these are as we go what's his know I
know oh you don't know this is no no
there's so many spices okay it's like
clove you know you have a little bit of
chili powder cash remix daddy all right
i'll mix that in all right after that's
kind of mixed in like that then you
sometimes was the hooks come on we'll
tell what the ingredients are Adam it's
a weird thing that we do here on it's
just so many segments god you can live
on your website Adam Perry Lang darknet
sure that will be all
you